Here's my point of view and module summary. Here's my
point of view and some opinions.
Design, build, and use an analyst framework.
The analyst framework is all the artifacts on what, and
all the processes on how we do our work.
Adopt lean and agile practices for all your analysis work.
Don't wait.
Not only will this help in doing pure analysis work,
but it will also help you better integrate into Agile Scrum and
Kanban software development teams. Is BABOK overkill? BABOK stands
for Business Analysis Book of Knowledge, BA for Business Analysis,
BOK for Book of Knowledge.
It does have a lot of great information in it.
I would give it a browse,
and there are some great tools that I mentioned at the beginning of
this module that will be further explained in it.
But what is BABOK really?
Well, it's a framework, but it's a bit rigid,
a bit inflexible, and seems like a heavier methodology to me,
but give it a look and you could decide. To me, it outlines
many good tools analysts can use.
What I have presented here, of course,
is a roll‑your‑own framework that is lean and agile and adapts to
your organization, business, and processes.
Here are the key points of this module.
The essential role of the business analyst is to have,
a clear,
lean, and agile process to determine requirements that are
truly essential and add value to the business.
What's a requirement?
Well,
the simplest definition is a description of what a system
is supposed to do, but how you gather,
specify, analyze, and recommend requirements can make or break a company.
So get good at it.
The uncertainty of business requirements. If we accept that all
requirements are either uncertain when we hear about them, or
become uncertain at a later time,
we can then focus on how best to deal with this reality, until
something else better comes along, following lean and agile
processes for requirements development is the best course of
action in an uncertain world.
Determining the true value of a requirement is best solved by having a good,
solid requirements development framework. How do we
efficiently gather requirements? Well, in this section,
I showed you how to map your analysis task to iterations
and leveraging pre‑built templates.
Apply the right level of effort means to apply your framework
artifacts and process for each business context, and then
continuously improve and update your framework over time. In search
of the perfect requirement, here, I laid out a threshold to help
guide you as to how much analysis to do.
You don't want to do too much, and you don't want to do to little. Don't over‑analyze. Less is more in the agile and lean world.